
1. Explain what lives inside of an account. 
> Contract Code - contract gets deployed to an account, and live inside the account. Multiple contracts can live inside an account.   
> Account Storage - all your data gets stored inside account storage

2. What is the difference between the `/storage/`, `/public/`, and `/private/` paths?

> `/storage/`
> - Is where your data lives, stored by your account.
> - Can only be accessed by the account owner using `AuthAccount`
> - Should only ever be accessed in the prepare phase of a transaction.
> - Each Resource that exists at a `/storage/` path is unique and cannot be overwritten.
>
> `/public/`
> - Looks at storage
> - Can be accessed by anyone
> - can be accessed from anywhere (scripts, transactions, contracts)
>
> `/private/`
> - Looks at storage
> - acts like a private API
> - can only be accessed by the account and whoever the owner gives access to

3. What does `.save()` do? What does `.load()` do? What does `.borrow()` do?
> `.save()` lets you store a resource to a path
> `.load()` returns a stored resource from a path as an optional resource: `@Stuff.Test?`
> `.borrow()` returns a reference to a stored resource: `&Stuff.Test`
> All these functions can only be used within the `prepare phase`
> They all make use of the Account Storage within your account.

4. Explain why we couldn't save something to our account storage inside of a script.
>  To store a resource you need writing access to the Contract. Scripts can only read data in the Contract.

5. Explain why I couldn't save something to your account.
> `AuthAccount` is bound to the signers account.

6. Define a contract that returns a resource that has at least 1 field in it. Then, write 2 transactions:

    1) A transaction that first saves the resource to account storage, then loads it out of account storage, logs a field inside the resource, and destroys it.
    > See: https://play.onflow.org/1119e9b6-bae5-4e9b-a64e-d328537cfbb2?type=tx&id=6739cbb4-b191-4cb4-b055-a0b7da52f6d0&storage=0x01

    2) A transaction that first saves the resource to account storage, then borrows a reference to it, and logs a field inside the resource.
    >See: https://play.onflow.org/1119e9b6-bae5-4e9b-a64e-d328537cfbb2?type=tx&id=6aeaffc7-64ab-47db-b144-358f00f1711b&storage=0x01